have you seen the brand new developments
going on with the bricks if not you
definitely want to check out what's
happening right here right now you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you I've noted some major
developments going on with the bricks I
wanted to just condense that into one
video real fast real quick let's begin
first things first 39 countries ready to
join the bricks in 2024 some very
notable names in here we saw the
expansion recently and some have said ah
this is nothing it's nothing Well I'm
going to show you why not only is it not
just nothing but it's very big in fact
so here are the names you could see them
for yourself and this by the way the way
it works is like they can apply that
doesn't mean they're going to be
accepted so a lot of countries have
applied we'll see what happens on there
Algeria Afghanistan Bahrain Bangladesh
Belarus and so on it goes through
through Mexico is on there I think that
is is significant and who knows they may
actually be included and that would be
interesting very interesting that was
one of the names that stood out to me
Vietnam being another one because of
what's happening with a lot of them look
onshoring what they call onshoring
bringing manufacturing back they want to
bring that with inside of
Mexico and that is interesting if
they're going bricks right so Mexico
might be sitting in between hey we're
developing Nation we want to do business
with all these other countries but oh no
we're friendly to Canada and the United
States it would be very uh very exciting
development to see that and there are
others here in this list okay so I think
that's important to see the developments
have been going on and also comparing
the stats I've got more stats so we got
this chart I'll show you the next chart
as well G7 compared to the bricks so
some people what they do is they look at
the bricks and say hey come on it's
overwhelmingly China on that side but
you could say the same thing about the
G7 too it's overwhelmingly the United
States and looking at this the new
members that were added yeah you take
one individual member in there United
Arab Emirates or or whatever it might be
well together $3
trillion I mean that is significant when
we look at the size of their GDP their
economy we don't know what to believe on
how realistic the numbers are and this
and that but look they're all faking it
so we'll just take it for what we have
here just understand these are Big
economies there's no question about that
and it's not just the size of their
economy but something else is going on
too and that is this Brick's global
trade Rises
56% to reach 422 billion so the amount
of trade that they're doing together in
between themselves Contin continues to
expand but but but it's not not only
that wait there's more the classic
infomercial
salesman there's so much more because
it's not the fact that they're just
doing more trade what are they doing
that trade in have you heard have you
seen well we've got some developments
look China and Saudi Arabia sign a $7
billion currency swap agreement adding
to the D dollarization push and this has
been going on a while China has currency
swap agreements with a lot of different
countries some on that list you'd be
very surprised I've done videos about it
before looking at it the new bricks
member Saudi Arabia is the world's
largest oil exporter if China and Saudi
use the agreement to settle oil trade
then other developing countries could
follow suit and that's right actually
they are in fact doing this they've made
it clear Saudi Arabia if you didn't
catch this Saudi Arabia said
specifically we are willing to do trade
in anything else other than they they
didn't really say look we don't want to
use the US dollar but the way they
phrased it was basically we can do it in
other currencies sure why not and they
made that clear that yeah they're
willing to use the Chinese currency
because if that's what suits them best
that's what they're going to do oh yes
the petrol dollar yes I know oh yes the
agreement that they had
but they're not necessarily saying they
won't use the US dollar they just also
want to use another currency and that
seems to be the case joining up with the
bricks made it very clear where their
Alliance is for the future but they've
made it basically saying hey we want to
be polygamous that's what that was the
wording that I read okay what about this
Shanghai oil and gas exchange settles
first crossborder trade in E
Yuan the digital currency the
cbdc inside of China is now settling
crossborder trade and I couldn't believe
this I mean this is like a small scale
this is nothing there not like okay now
this is happening every day but this is
happening okay and so we're going to
another level right here I found this to
be very interesting and we'll see what
happens over the next while and how much
of this they do but I thought it was
something to put in here and just keep
an eye on I'm not going to you know just
oh yeah this is the thing and you know
people they make these videos and they
try to scare everybody I'm just putting
it out there I need to developments
you're going to get that here on this
channel if you appreciate that hit that
thumbs up button when you do so you are
more likely to then see that video when
it comes because the algorithm is going
to know he like this video about it okay
I'll notify him about this one that's
the idea so make sure you hit that
thumbs up okay and it supports me so I
do appreciate it bricks multilateral
lender seeks its first ever syndicated
loan new development Bank looking for a
three-year $ 1.25 billion deal that
would be for funding infrastructure and
renewable projects so just like the the
US and the West have their own well
China has this as well and and what we
can see with this the bricks they want
to set up these infrastructure projects
they want to do in the same way that you
would see with the World Bank and others
the IMF let's collect together let's put
our infrastructure these are the global
governance projects and of
course this could be seen as something
it's good it's collaboration countries
are talking countries are agreeing but
at the same time it's been clear that
there is a divide in between one group
and the other two factions have formed
the East and West is really there like
pretty much like on the line and so
right now we're going to watch this
we're going to see the developments but
um at this time there is very much a
concern for what the world will look
like in 10 years down the road what do
you think do you believe that there's
going to be a bigger divide in between
the east and west or will it likely be
the same as we have today all right I
want to know what your thoughts are and
we see these type of Articles um just
suggesting how Micron is building the
biggest chip Fab in the US history
despite a China ban and start uh
smartphone slump talking about the fact
that you know there is a need more and
more for these
semiconductors they want to develop
their onshoring bringing that production
to the United States it is still
minuscule in comparison to what China is
doing but this is part of it there's a
divide and the semiconductors are the
front and center when we look at this
China is the world world's top graphite
producer and they are tightening exports
of key battery material we need the
batteries we need the semiconductors and
if China is saying no no you can't have
this stuff that puts a real big damper
on the whole process and so what I can
see with this is that they are trying
this tit fortat this back and forth with
the United States however they um you
know the leader of China came to the US
hey let's do business let's make these
things happen let's make you let's work
it all out the tariffs are not helping
the consumer let me tell you tariffs are
not positive in this way you're adding
additional taxes and there's always for
the big establishments they always get
these waivers and stuff so the small
person the small business is always
getting screwed over at the end of the
day so I'm interested to see what
happens will it affect consumer prices
already prices are sky high as it is if
you want want to be able to get the
latest and greatest information I always
talk about that on my live sessions
these live sessions are locked down to
the small groups that I do have we do
that Friday night we do that Sunday
during the day one is for finance one is
for business if you are interested in
hearing from me directly live oneon-one
for two hours all right in a small group
setting I do that the link is in the
description I call it the mentorship but
understand that we are just
going through the absolute best
information I bring that to you I give
you very specific advice webites I give
you the knowledge that you need far
beyond uh what you're going to get
anywhere because I'm not worried about
algorithms not worried about any about
that and I'm just giving you the 100%
honest truth and what you need to do to
succeed hit that link in the description
just check it out and you could see all
the information scroll down you get it
for yourself look at the comment of the
day 60% of us adults earning between
50,000 and 100,000 annually are living
paycheck to paycheck I keep seeing those
numbers all the time it actually goes up
even further Believe It or Not than this
uh but that's the world where we are in
today we don't want to be in that
situation that's why you got to take
advantage wherever you can so that's it
I appreciate you being here hit that
thumbs up on the way out I'll see you
tomorrow make sure you come back
tomorrow and I'll see you then take care